oh shit
and some shitty ass toys
mommy I gotta pee oh shit you can't do
infants spring he bought shit can't get
up on this shit I ride this shit oh shit
fuck yeah dude physics motherfucker oh
look at the shadow of the dancin baby LD
big deal remember Ali big bill probably
not that was from the 90s you guys were
like this little baby in the nineties
weren't you weren't you oh man can I
dance oh look at me go look at me ow
fucking suck oh shit get down get down
turn around turn around get down oh oh
get on the floor get on the phone do the
data so I don't want to do because if I
pick up a ball the fucking bowling ball
babies can't pick up bowling balls yeah
I'm a movie to pin with me telekinesis
hmm
a little baby with telekinesis it is I
Elian Gonzalez another 90 s references
effective I'm sorry look at they go oh
dude this is fucking sweet dude you look
like a fucking alien oh maybe that's the
reveal at the end you look in the mirror
you stand up yeah it's like quantum leap
you stand up and look in the mirror and
you're a retarded baby and it's like did
I did it dude we have this quantum leap
song go and then Dean Stockwell it's
like oh my god you're a retarded baby
hurry ever gonna leap back wow that's
another 90 s reference I'm sorry guys
you were babies though that was the 90s
dumbest spell a bad war with these
blocks I'm not gonna tell mommy either
I'll see we got here see we got
hmm wrong with that pillow all right
their way I can rotate objects in my
hand
okay no no I like any scratches his
fucking dummy oh Jesus Christ he's
pretty tall he's like a fucking midget
maybe maybe this is like a murdering
baby
Oh fucking red that's a pretty cool toy
too i'm not supposed to be up here
mommy's gonna be so pissed do do do do
do dodododo dodododo knocked out